XDR owner bug fix (#22035)
demisto/content: Packs/CortexXDR/Integrations/CortexXDRIR/README.md

* The API includes a limit rate of 10 API requests per minute. Therefore, in a case of a limit rate exception, the sync loop will stop and will resume from the last incident. 

> * `Owner` and `closeReason` mappings are done using the integration code, therefore there is no need to add them to the mapper.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Owner` and `closeReason` mappings are done using the integration code, therefore they are not part of the out-of-the-box mapper and should be specified in any future mapper.```
